SURFACE CONCEPT SEED (key: f4a231a7; mode: persuade; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope surface --mode persuade --from f4a231a7 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
DEALT INDICES: 6, 7, 4 (index 6 leads)
  After ordering the task's grounded structural candidates by resonance,
  deal candidates 6, 7, 4 of your own grounded list to the
  table; index 6 leads, and the deal never points at a challenger.
  The deal is the roll, not a suggestion: the dice decide which structures
  reach the user, so the ranking rut stays broken while the user still gets a
  real choice, and the full ranked list stays yours. In an attended run,
  present the three dealt structures as full cards of equal salience, the
  lead carrying kicker THE ROLL, with steer and re-roll, and let the user
  lock one in; the world is already settled, so this choice is composition.
  Visualize every dealt card: with image generation available and a
  comp-led default (.impeccable/config.json buildPath; the page toggle
  handles the exception), declare a comp per card and generate after
  serving, lead first; otherwise author each card's wireframe field (see
  serve-question --schema) and the page draws the schematic. Carry the
  recorded default in the payload as buildPath with toggle: true. Locking a card
  approves its comp: a surface round that put three visualized structures on
  the table replaces the three-option comp round in visualize.md. Re-roll
  yourself only when every dealt structure fails audience identification or
  product clarity on named factual grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a metropolitan rail map fired as a midnight-blue enamel mural, where scarlet, cobalt, amber, and green lines bend at disciplined angles, interchange circles bloom at crossings, and the entire city becomes a legible promise of movement
     SOURCE ID: wayfinding-cartography-signage-midnight-transit-diagram
     CREATIVE SPARK: Under the station's white light, four colored lines meet in one porcelain interchange; a fingertip follows the scarlet route outward until the dense center opens toward the river.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: midnight-blue enamel ground with porcelain white station ticks, scarlet, cobalt, amber, and green line inks, the chosen line burning brightest
       - Type/composition: humanist transit sans in fixed-size station labels, lines bending only at 45 and 90 degrees, the diagram's discipline is the composition
       - Topology/navigation: Organize movement by line, station order, branch, interchange, fare boundary, and destination rather than literal geographic distance.
       - Controls/state: Trace, transfer, reverse, reroute, and compare journeys with open, arriving, delayed, suspended, crowded, and accessible states.
       - Responsive/motion: Focus the chosen corridor while preserving transfer context; never shrink the whole network into an unreadable miniature.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Live service state can recompute only affected routes and transfer promises, while deep-linked itineraries, native search, and offline caching preserve a usable journey beyond the mural.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/wayfinding-cartography-signage-midnight-transit-diagram.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/wayfinding-cartography-signage-midnight-transit-diagram-hero.webp
  2. an early-nineties technology magazine spread where fluorescent duotone swallows every element, photography and rules and boxes all printed in the same two impossible inks, angled headline slabs cutting the top third
     SOURCE ID: digital-design-canon-mondo-tech-utopian-spread
     CREATIVE SPARK: two inks that do not exist in nature, used for absolutely everything on the page including the box rules, with the headline slammed in at eleven degrees and the margin full of definitions.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: fluorescent orange and cyan as the only two inks in the entire system, applied to photography, rules, boxes and type alike
       - Type/composition: angled headline slabs breaking the top third, a three-column body, and glossary boxes stacked down the outer margin in the second ink
       - Topology/navigation: articles are entered through the margin glossary, so moving means following a defined term into its own spread
       - Controls/state: controls are glossary terms, the active one flips to the second ink, and visited ones keep a fluorescent underline
       - Responsive/motion: the glossary column drops beneath the body on narrow frames, and motion is a duotone channel swap across the whole page
     WEB LEVERAGE: css blend-mode duotone applied to every element with a channel-swap animation, glossary state, and responsive column reflow
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/digital-design-canon-mondo-tech-utopian-spread.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/digital-design-canon-mondo-tech-utopian-spread-hero.webp
  3. a broadcast teletext magazine, three-digit pages of block-mosaic graphics and double-height headers held in a 40 by 24 character grid on black
     SOURCE ID: broadcast-programming-teletext-service
     CREATIVE SPARK: You key 302 and the header counts pages in the corner; the screen blinks and a football score builds itself from cyan blocks on black, and behind the quiz question an answer waits invisible until your thumb finds REVEAL.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: the fixed broadcast eight on flat black, white for body text, yellow for headlines, cyan for live figures, red reserved for alerts and REVEAL answers
       - Type/composition: one bitmap face in a rigid 40 by 24 cell grid, double-height rows for section headers, block-mosaic sixels drawing every graphic from the same cells
       - Topology/navigation: every page holds a three-digit address keyed directly; magazines group by hundreds and subpages rotate on a timed carousel you can hold
       - Controls/state: keying digits is the whole input; loading counts page numbers in the header, hidden answers wait behind REVEAL, held subpages show a HOLD flag
       - Responsive/motion: the 40-cell row is sacred, small screens scale the cell rather than reflow; motion is subpage rotation and blink, both stoppable to a held still
     WEB LEVERAGE: ch-unit CSS grid and a bitmap face keep the 40 by 24 cell lattice exact; keyboard digits route pages and a REVEAL state toggles hidden spans
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/broadcast-programming-teletext-service.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/broadcast-programming-teletext-service-hero.webp
  4. a live scene rendered as typewriter characters, where density of glyphs stands in for light and an at-sign can be a face if it moves correctly
     SOURCE ID: medium-native-ascii-live-scene-render
     CREATIVE SPARK: A rotating skull made entirely of dollar signs and periods; you squint and it is sculpture, you focus and it is text, and it is both at every distance.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: single-ink phosphor, green or amber on black; tone is glyph density from period to at-sign, and the densest glyph is the highlight
       - Type/composition: one strict monospace grid as the entire composition, the luminance ramp serving as the typographic scale, captions living inside the same grid
       - Topology/navigation: the world is a fixed character grid; you move the camera, and the alphabet re-renders the view.
       - Controls/state: the luminance ramp is the palette; swapping ramps changes mood while geometry stays put.
       - Responsive/motion: cell count adapts to viewport while glyphs stay monospace-true
     WEB LEVERAGE: Canvas or camera frames sample down to a live glyph grid, so video, 3D, and pointer input all become selectable text.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-ascii-live-scene-render.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-ascii-live-scene-render-hero.webp
  5. a gravity-rain garden, where drops fall toward flowers, walls, moons, and walking figures according to the color of each cloud
     SOURCE ID: dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-gravity-rain-garden
     CREATIVE SPARK: Blue rain falls upward into a floating pond, red rain bends around a sleeping fox, and clear drops orbit a black flower without ever touching the ground.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: dusk green-gray garden as ground, cloud color coding each gravity, blue and red rains as directional accents, the black flower anchoring clear orbits
       - Type/composition: light rounded sans whose baselines bend along local gravity, labels falling or rising toward their clouds, only the legend held level
       - Topology/navigation: Explore garden regions through local gravity, cloud color, water path, and impossible habitat.
       - Controls/state: Paint a cloud, tilt its pull, plant an object, and watch new rivers find their destination.
       - Responsive/motion: Keep one gravity field dominant on phones and offer trajectory stills in
     WEB LEVERAGE: A vector-field physics simulation and direct painting gestures let users compose shareable rain laws with deterministic replay.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-gravity-rain-garden.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/dream-surreal-impossible-worlds-gravity-rain-garden-hero.webp
  6. a single square of vermilion washi becoming an orizuru crane through thirty-two deliberate folds, where one uncut sheet passes from flat geometry to beak, wings, hollow body, and a balanced standing silhouette
     SOURCE ID: paper-folds-pleats-deployable-orizuru-crane-sequence
     CREATIVE SPARK: The red square closes into a small diamond, opens into a long-necked bird, and with one final pull spreads two crisp wings that still carry every earlier crease.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: vermilion washi as ground with visible kozo fiber, crease lines in faded fold-white, one gold dot marking the active step, notes in sumi black ink
       - Type/composition: quiet humanist sans beside kanji step names, folds numbered one to thirty-two in a strict margin column, diagrams square and centered like the uncut sheet
       - Topology/navigation: Connect face, edge, mountain crease, valley crease, preliminary base, bird base, flap, and finished crane as one continuous sheet.
       - Controls/state: Fold, unfold, rotate, reverse, and replay with flat, creased, collapsed, based, locked, finished, and recoverable states.
       - Responsive/motion: Pair the active crease pattern with one authored spatial view and provide discrete fold states under
     WEB LEVERAGE: Constraint-aware direct manipulation can prevent impossible folds, synchronize the crease pattern with the spatial crane, and deep-link any recoverable step for teaching or return.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/paper-folds-pleats-deployable-orizuru-crane-sequence.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/paper-folds-pleats-deployable-orizuru-crane-sequence-hero.webp
A challenger wins only when its fused result beats the grounded list on
  audience identification and product clarity. It may change task topology or
  interaction, but never the committed visual identity.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and DESIGN.md constrain every surface candidate's identity
vocabulary; they do not cancel task-level composition. The seed never
authorizes a new palette, type system, material world, or unfamiliar control
behavior.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from f4a231a7 --scope surface --mode persuade,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
DEALT INDICES (restated for truncated readers): 6, 7, 4; index
6 leads. Present all three dealt structures; seed key f4a231a7.
